Expose and improve type definitions, and other minor improvements (#50)
dwyl/terminate: README.md

});
```

#### Usage

> You can see all the available parameters and their description [here](./index.d.ts#L71).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the available parameters and their descriptions are viewable in the TypeScript definition file: [**`index.d.ts`**](./index.d.ts#L71).
```
